[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome to this guided
meditation where you will
attain lucidity using
the SUB technique.
For this technique, preferably
on your back, arms to the side,
palms facing down.
Keeping your head still,
just using your eyes,
I would like you to take a look
around at your surroundings.
It is a familiar
room, a safe space.
Now close your eyes.
Focus on the breath.
Now gently open your
eyes once again.
Focus on any element
within the room.
Observe it for a few seconds.
Now close your eyes once again.
Your eyes are beginning
to feel nice and heavy.
Now bring your attention
back to the breath.
Slowly open your
eyes and gaze over
the familiarity of
your room or anything
that might catch your attention.
We will close our
eyes once again
and keep them closed for the
remainder of the meditation.
Take a deep breath
in through your nose
and exhale through
your mouth any tension
stored in your body.
Take another healing
deep breath in
and exhale any
stress accumulated
throughout your day.
This moment is for
you and you alone.
You deserve to be relaxed.
Let your body and mind rest.
There is nothing you
have to do but listen
to the sound of my voice as I
guide you into this lucid dream
journey.
A wave of relaxation
is now entering
through your feet, ankles,
calves, knees, and thighs.
Your legs are now feeling
heavier and heavier
as the feeling continues
moving toward your upper body,
pelvic area, hips,
buttocks, abdomen, chest,
all the way to your shoulders
and down into your upper
arms, elbows, wrists,
hands, and fingers,
making them feel even
heavier than before.
This wave of relaxation
is now moving up
toward your neck, jaw,
chin, nose, and eyes,
letting go of any tension stored
in the muscles of your face,
moving up toward your
forehead and scalp.
Your head is now feeling heavier
and heavier on your pillow
and sinking deeper
into the mattress.
It feels good to just let go
and allow the body to rest.
As you lay on your bed,
let your imagination flow.
Visualize a trapdoor beneath
your bed on the floor.
This door leads into
a whole new world
filled with the beauty
of nature, a paradise
of tall, green grass and trees.
Take a moment to imagine what
sort of world might be there.
Imagine the sounds of the
birds, the wonderful smell,
the perfect temperature,
and the breeze.
Really dive into your
senses and in the knowing
that this world
really, truly exists
and that there really is a
doorway into this paradise
beneath your bed.
Make it clearer and
clearer in your mind.
Make it as real as
possible, as real as
when you were looking around
your room with open eyes.
The door is there.
Feel the magical energy
seeping through the trapdoor
beneath your bed.
Imagine yourself
feeling even heavier.
As you lay on your back, I am
going to count from 10 to 1.
And when I reach one, you
will feel ten times heavier
than before, and you will
begin to sink through the bed
and eventually reach the floor.
10, so deeply relaxed.
Nine, feeling
heavier and heavier.
Eight, starting to
sink through the bed.
Seven, feeling relaxed and calm.
Six, so heavy and
sinking more and more.
Five, trusting the process.
Four, excited for
the lucid dream
adventure that lies ahead.
Three, sinking more and
more deeply through the bed.
Two, knowing you
are as safe as you
begin to reach the other side.
One, you are now
beneath your bed,
and you turn around
so that you are
facing the door on the ground.
As you open the door, a
warm and cold and light
begins to illuminate your face.
You dive in as someone
would dive into water.
You are now flying within the
scene, flying over tall trees
and over beautiful lakes.
It truly is a paradise.
You may land somewhere
if you desire.
Now look around and
take in the environment.
It may be a little bit
hazy in the beginning,
but you can declare clarity now
and see how your surroundings
and focus shift.
Now turn around and
examine the panoramic view.
You can do a reality
check right now
as you stand in place so as
to make the environment more
and more solid.
Continue to observe, and
it will become more clear.
Physically holding
on to something
will also solidify things.
You may pick up a rock.
Grab some dirt or hold
a stick from the ground.
Feel the texture.
Listen to the leaves
rustling in the wind.
Feel the sticks cracking
underneath your footsteps.
Make it as real as
you possibly can.
This is your world
to explore, and you
can make of it what you want.
And as you begin to sink
deeper into your journey,
I will begin to say
affirmations for lucidity
so that it may sink into
your subconscious mind
and make your experiences
flow more smoothly.
Your mind is still awake,
and yet you are dreaming.
You are a lucid dreamer.
You are fully aware of
when you are dreaming.
You always wake up
within your dreams.
Your dream memory is perfect.
Your dream
consciousness is strong.
You are always
lucid when dreaming.
You are awake right
now in your dreams.
I am lucid dreaming.
I am fully aware of
when I am dreaming.
I lucid dream easily
and effortlessly.
I can now lucid dream
from this space.
I am conscious and
aware within my dream.
I am now in my lucid dream.
My mind is awake, and
my body is asleep.
My mind is lucid and focused
during my dream time.
I am a lucid dreamer.
I travel within my dreams.
I lucid dream easily
and effortlessly.
| know how to lucid dream now.
I am now sleeping deeply.
My cells are
activating in my sleep.
My body is resting.
My mind is at ease.
I am falling asleep peacefully.
Tomorrow, I will wake
up feeling amazing.
I am moving into a deeper
state of relaxation.
I am sleeping so well.
My body has no problems
falling asleep,
and my mind is falling
right into a restful state.
Mind empty, asleep.
Your mind is still awake,
and yet you are dreaming.
You are a lucid dreamer.
You are fully aware of
when you are dreaming.
You always wake up
within your dreams.
Your dream memory is perfect.
Your dream
consciousness is strong.
You are always
lucid when dreaming.
You are awake right
now in your dreams.
I am lucid dreaming.
I am fully aware of
when I'm dreaming.
I wake up inside my dream.
I lucid dream easily
and effortlessly.
I can now lucid dream
from this space.
I am conscious and
aware within my dream.
I am now in my lucid dream.
My mind is awake, and
my body is asleep.
My mind is lucid and focused
during my dream time.
| am a lucid dreamer.
I travel within my dreams.
I lucid dream easily
and effortlessly.
I know how to lucid dream now.
[MUSIC PLAYING]